\section{Abstract}\label{abstract}


Here is some sample text to show the initial in the introductory
paragraph of this template article. The color and lineheight of the
initial can be modified in the preamble of this document. The color and
lineheight of the initial can be modified in the preamble of this
document. The color and lineheight of the initial can be modified in the
preamble of this document. The color and lineheight of the initial can
be modified in the preamble of this document. The color and lineheight
of the initial can be modified in the preamble of this document. The
color and lineheight of the initial can be modified in the preamble of
this document. The color and lineheight of the initial can be modified
in the preamble of this document. The color and lineheight of the
initial can be modified in the preamble of this document. The color and
lineheight of the initial can be modified in the preamble of this
document. The color and lineheight of the initial can be modified in the
preamble of this document. The color and lineheight of the initial can
be modified in the preamble of this document. The color and lineheight
of the initial can be modified in the preamble of this document. The
color and lineheight of the initial can be modified in the preamble of
this document. The color and lineheight of the initial can be modified
in the preamble of this document. The color and lineheight of the
initial can be.
